App Service could be migrated by the built-in feature backup/restore
First, we need to setup backup storage for the source App Service
The backup storage could be any blob storage in the source region
For migration, there is no need to setup the backup schedule. Let's just trigger the backup manually
Usually the backup job will be completed in minutes
Before restore the backed App Service, we need to create an empty App Service in target region
Then setup the backup storage with any blob storage
Let's copy all the backup files from the source container to destination region. Then click "Restore"
Select the restore resource as "Storage" since the backup were not generated the current App Service itself
Select the zip file amoung backup files
Select "Overwrite" to restore to the current App Service. We could also modify connection strings to point to the resource in the destination region
Click "OK" then restore will be done in minutes. Let's check the migrated App Service
(end)